Okay. Okay.
Oh, This will be a little easier.
You have to speak up. Let's have him talk a lot so that we can get the sound going.
We could interview him.
Oh, That's where it came from? Because they had it already here in California like
Ten years ago, when you were a baby they had it already.
Yeah.
But it was something new like...
Oh.
but boba's so big and fish eggs are just like, you can hardly see them.
I've never seen the big one. Oh, I've never seen that one.
ton ton udon ?
Did you grow up in Japan?
Oh, so you just go back for visits like...
Did your parents ever bring you when you were a kid?
So, have have you noticed a lot of changes like
for like, for example, in restaurants or things that you used to eat, did your parents take you out to eat
much when you were a kid in Japan?
Oh.
Where is that? I'm not familiar. Oh, down there. yeah.
Summer?
Yeah, it's like salsa.